look up what the arcsine law is

RESEARCH: what stuff violates CLT (distributions?)

RESEARCH: what distributions violate the CLT?

reproduce the curve from the paper, to make sure I understand what's going on. what is going on in the gaps in the arcsine law distribution?

sand vs beads scaling?

slides instead of word document

vibration:
mean free path, mean free time
depending on various parameters in the galton board setup, is there is a mean free time or mean free path? this is interesting because if there is a very long galton board, and a bead is hitting a peg every half a second, if the board is vibrating at the same frequency at which the bead is bouncing off pegs, would there be resonance if this happens?

ball to ball interactions...




funnel size with regards proportionality to the grid

paste whole code and look for optimizations

parallel fors

plot the variance vs the fine-grain nature of distribution, i.e. some sort of function of number of balls and how many bins there are.

if the variance is finite, as precision increases, the variance should approach the finite value, else it will just blow up.

for each "resolution" of bins, use the number of balls which gives an approaching value of variance, to supercharge and overflow the variance such that you can see the effect of the resolution of bins.

for very fine grained bins, run the simulation by changing a specific variable, and create an animation to visualize how the distribution changes as a function of the variable;
ultimate goal would be to do this for every major alterable parameter.

RIGOUROUSLY look at whether a distribution respects the normal distribution

check balls with a finite size's interactions with the pegs

galton board is just a function to change one distribution to another? check mathematically

check max_frames value

! problem statement - binomoial: discrete verison of normal

animate r^2 as a function of width, animated over the coefficient of restitution

simpler: for changing_width.gif, work out with regards to the galton board being a transformation from distribution A to distribution B, check whether there exists a relationship between the funnel width and the standard deviation of the distribution. 

complexer: check for non-uniform random distribution as input to the very wide funnel; is there a relationship between the variance of the input distribution and the output distribution.

changing_rad.gif with a higher coeff-e, and with narrow funnel.

imagine if the vertical height is a time, and the ball is just moving around in 1-dim left and right, where the beads are small particles bouncing on the ball and making it jitter around, in this case, quantitatively think about whether you can study this problem in terms of Brownian motion. root mean squared distance for a peg depending on how long you run the galton board for, i.e. how long it is.


TO DO:
RADIAL parameters: radius of the pegs, distance between pegs, and radius of balls

plot R^2 as a function of radius of the pegs, and then animate it over the change in distance of the pegs

plot the standard deviation of the distribution as a function of the width of the funnel

Brownian theory, and THEN;

compare the stdev of the input distribution (simple gaussian) and the output distributions: plot on the x-axis (stdev of input distribution) y-axis (stdev of output distribution).

